in the award-winning first Thrillville
game you created a theme park that was
built to thrill
I love this play this fall
the seat will takes the action where
it's never gone before
off the rails
Thrillville off the rails with drills so
extreme we had to come up with a new
language just to describe velocity the
powerful excitement achieved by making
roller coasters that make your friends
screen for their mommas
koester so intense they defy physics
and test the bounds of possibility
crashtastic
get ready because these coasters are
crashing the party and when they take
off they hit the ultimate in
for all the metrics
ah dude plus you and your friends will
have a blast playing over 30 mini games
to challenge your skills new baby for
maximum minigame madness and we've
reached the height of party hardy
technics with new park guests that have
more to say than ever build and play in
the greatest crashtastic perla metric
thrill tastic park the world has ever
seen
hey